do not conflate sample rate with sampling rules (#14920)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/proxy_setup/_index.md

## Istio Sampling

To control the volume of Istio traces that are sent to Datadog, configure a
sampling rule whose `"sample_rate"` is a value between `0.0` (0%) and `1.0`

> (100%).  Sampling rules are configured via the `DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(100%). Configure sampling rules with the `DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES`
```
